Update Windows API terms and examples (#11450)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/advanced/walkthrough-hosting-a-win32-control-in-wpf.md

## Requirements  

>  This topic assumes a basic familiarity with both WPF and Win32 programming. For a basic introduction to WPF programming, see [Getting Started](../getting-started/index.md). For an introduction to Win32 programming, you should reference any of the numerous books on the subject, in particular *Programming Windows* by Charles Petzold.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This topic assumes a basic familiarity with both WPF and Windows API programming. For a basic introduction to WPF programming, see [Getting Started](../getting-started/index.md). For an introduction to Windows API programming, see any of the numerous books on the subject, in particular *Programming Windows* by Charles Petzold.  
```
